Mention `dart pub add` (#4799)
dart-lang/site-www: src/_guides/packages.md

  intl: ^0.17.0
```

> Rather than editing the pubspec manually, 
> you can also add a dependency by running a `dart` tool command. 
> This adds a dependency on `vector_math`: 

Reviewer: **issue:** Write in active voice per [GSG](https://developers.google.com/style/voice).
```suggestion
To update the `pubspec.yaml` file, you have a better option than hand editing. 
To add a dependency, you can run `dart pub add` command.
The following example adds a dependency on `vector_math`.
```

Author: Thanks! Committed a variant of that (wanted to avoid "hand" editing)
